[Music]
hello everybody today i am going to
explain
full metal alchemist a small town is
seen as the film begins
where two brothers used to reside the
elder brother's name was edward and won
his younger brother
they loved to learn the alchemy they
could convert any metal into another
metal
performing it even they could convert
the base metal into gold
employing it they used to make toys for
them
one day they go to show their maid toy
to their mother
their mother encourages them and she
dies with it
their father had already passed away now
those
children are left alone now being
dejected
they are sitting near their mother's
grave edward says to his younger brother
that why did we not transmute our mother
through this practice
but his younger brother is wise and says
no brother
this is illegal we may receive a great
penalty if it revealed before anyone
because he also knew that their life can
also be lost in case of any mistake
while practicing it
in spite of it edward convinces his
younger brother
going to library they begin searching
for some books regarding this practice
then they collect all elements with
which human body has been composed
they draw a circle with white outline
putting a pot in the circle
they begin to add all minerals in it now
they need a spirit for the ending part
of the practice
so they both brother drip a drop of
their blood into it
suddenly all things begin to mingle
there is started a fuss in that pot
a mysterious energy releases from it it
begins to destroy everything
so their house starts falling down due
to this
edward's younger brother is also dragged
to this storm
he tries his best to rescue him but he
had entered into another world
he has to sacrifice the life of his
younger brother because a mistake had
been
committed by them he had reached the
dwelling of gods
edward thinks as he grows up that he
should go for the search of his brother
so he gets ready to move to that world
he addresses to god
which mistake i committed that i could
not revive my mother
i need to have a look of my mother at
once then god sends him into a gate
where he glances at the soul of his
mother edward cannot witness her clearly
so he is expelled out of the gate edward
says to god
i have not glimpsed her clearly yet let
me go back
god says no what i could do for you i
did
you cannot pay for it now edward says
i want to mend my mistake i have to mend
my ways
so i may rescue my brother bringing him
into my world
god says it is incredible until you pay
hefty fine for it
edward asks tell me what is as such
god says you will have to sacrifice your
one and arm and leg in its place
edward agrees and his younger brother is
returned to him
but the matter of fact was this only
edward's younger brother spirit could
approach in this world
and edwards one of the legs and arms had
also been sacrificed in its place
he is grieved not finding his brother in
his surroundings
and his leg and arm were also aching he
brings a metal covering
and he infuses his brother's soul into
it he says to his brother that
don't worry i will bring back your body
at any cost
so he becomes a great alchemist in a
renowned library
so he may write his own alchemy book
along with the researching of other
books
then he comes to know that he can
restore his brother's body in a case
if he finds out a philosopher's stone
now he starts searching that stone
then he knows that a father of this
place possesses this stone
leaving his services in library he goes
to that
father to take that stone but
father does not give him stone but
creates the troubles on his way
he attempts to kill him because that
stone was rare enough
that father fights him too much and he
was ruining everything
and he was threatening to kill the
people of that location
then edward transforms a stone into
giant to kill that father
meanwhile the army of that place arrives
there and stops both of them
they are captured then the military
colonel also approaches there
he informs edward nothing exists as such
stone in this world and that
father was befooling you colonel tells
being too solid that stone does not
damage if it has also reached to this
world
neither it works he burns that stone to
prove it
which is damaged after burning edward
feels sorrow that he struggled for a
fake stone
police releases father then he moves to
those people who had given him this
stone
they were humanoid robots made by a
great alchemist
father is getting angry on them then a
robotic girl among them
kills him and that other robotic boy
begins to eat it
then it is seen that edward is at a
place where he meets a military general
who was very inspired from him he says
i have knowledge about you and i am
really willing to support you
if you are devoted and want to work with
loyalty
the friend of edward has also come there
military general sends edward to the
great alchemists
it may be credible as they may help
edward to an extent
then edward's childhood friend
approaches there
and she was the same female friend who
had fixed edward's artificial hand and
arm
now colonel leads them to a great
alchemist
who used to live with his daughter and a
dog that alchemist tells edward
what is my job he actually could create
one more animal while merging two
animals
which can also talk like the human
beings
edward asks that alchemist how can i
bring my brother into the world
that alchemist tells him there is no any
way to bring the human being into life
again
or her body may be brought in this world
but you can do it with the help of a
stone
alchemist tells edward there was a
scientist
who used to conduct the experiment along
with the army
and he possesses that stone he is hidden
with a threat as that rare stone may not
be taken from him
that alchemist says to edward whose
house they are now
leave your brother's spirit in my house
i talk to him it may be possible that
there may be searched any remedy at this
time
you may search for that man then it is
seen that edward
and his female friend go in search of
that man
contrarily that alchemist is talking
with the spirit of edward's younger
brother
he compels him to think that your spirit
will never enter in this world
you are not a human being and edward's
younger brother is also compelled to
think this
was i really not come in this world he
ponders
who am i what is the actuality of my
existence
now it is witness that edward and his
female friend had searched out that
scientist
he tells that i am living here secretly
from the military
he is going to reveal the purpose behind
it that
then that robotic girl approaches there
at the same time who kills him
he tells edward before dying that
there is an army laboratory where you
will find that stone along with details
otherwise he also hands edward some
papers
now it is glimpsed when edward moves to
the alchemist's house
where he had left his brother's spirit
he does not see his daughter and dog
there
going to the alchemists room he gets
excited
there was a mysterious creature in front
of him
which had been created while merging the
two animals
it was also talking edward loves that
creature when he goes near her
then it begins speaking will you play
with me
edward remembers after hearing it it
used to say to me by alchemist's
daughter
then it is exposed that it is not the
merging of two animals
but alchemist has mixed together his
daughter and dog
and he has created this creature from it
he flies into rage and begins to kill
alchemists saying
why did you practice as such he says to
edward
you sacrificed your brother in order to
bring your mother into life
and i want to surpass the science field
i will sacrifice my family for it if i
have to do it
and i did and my previous created
creature was also created from my wife
and another animal
edward gets infuriated and he begins to
end him
and he also calls the military and he is
being arrested
edward is saddened thinking that he
could not secure the life of a little
girl
then it is witnessed that edward begins
to check the direction of that lab in
search of the stone
which was told to him by that scientist
he starts weeping while not finding that
stone
his younger brother's spirit which was
bound in the metal covering
he thinks that edward is just using me
while going after a rare stone
a great quarrel is held due to this
thought because he had started to think
as edward
is not his biological brother they fight
too much so edward's hand is wounded
badly
then edward's female friend begins to
cry
she says to him do you not recall that
we used to play together in our
childhood
she starts recalling her past days
she tells his aim is just to bring you
back into this world
he loves you a lot why do you not get
the point
your mind had been stuffed with the
negativity by someone
just try to think because you a human
being
edward's brother begins to recall all
memories
and he apologizes his elder brother now
edward moves to each library so he may
discover about the laboratory
but he does not get any detail about it
he struggles hard and finally gets
exhausted meantime colonel says to him
coming there
i assist you he tells that it was not a
laboratory
it was rather a prison where human being
had been kept captive
and he tells where its spot is but that
robotic girl comes there before his
speaking
she begins to attack him but colonel
puts his life at risk and and they leave
from there
he goes outside to contact someone but
that colonel also comes on the scene
there
who had conversed with edward in the
beginning
he fires his gun on him edward is also
captured under the allegation of his
murder
where lieutenant tells him the colonel
has killed the other colonel
and he had also freed that alchemist
that lieutenant told facts were also
ignored by the military
so she suggests to edward we should flee
they come outside attacking the security
guard there
they witness coming outside that evil
colonel is surrounded by the police
colonel suspects that she is not
lieutenant
then the secret opens to him that she is
humanoid robot
that robotic girl also calls her other
team members
then edward and his companion lieutenant
arrive there
then that robotic girl then the robotic
girl then that robotic girl by this
colonel but i have killed him while
disguising
then edward's companion lieutenant asks
her why are you ending the military
force
you have also released to that alchemist
what do you want
then those humanoid robots say we did
not free him
he may be another one we revealed what
we did
one of the robotic girls begins to
search for that alchemist
while other robotic girl moves in search
of the laboratory
while a robotic boy moves ahead to eat
the army force
meanwhile that innocent colonel is also
wounded who was blamed to kill the
colonel
chasing him edward eventually reaches
that laboratory
where that alchemist had imprisoned his
brother's spirit and childhood female
friend
their alchemist tells him the reality of
the stone
he tells the stone which you are
considering rare and unique
should i tell what it actually is this
is not the laboratory but it was a
prison
this stone was created after sacrificing
many captives there and using their
souls
they are agonized and tormented too much
as they're all released energy used to
pour into this stone
knowing about it edward is grieved
the stone which he considered too
valuable
it was actually created after many
agonized sacrifices of the humans
at the same time that robotic girl kills
that alchemist there
that he may not expose many secrets then
general is also seen there
army general who was the manipulator of
this plan
he was after it he switches on the
lights
which opens the secret that the innocent
victims had been hanged on the ceiling
of the lab
which had been sheltered with something
now
general starts to add a stone in each
which causes their revival
they are turned into the mysterious
creatures as disembodied spirits
then general unties them and they fall
down
they attack general first after reviving
now this embodied spirits go outside
and general gets worried as they may
also harm the other people
he commands his army which included
edward and his friends kill
all disembodied spirits and they do the
same
and all disembodied spirits are come to
end within a few time
then edward and the colonel go to
capture those robotic girls
one of the robotic girls tells that this
immortal stone was added in it when we
were created
so we may revive no matter how many
times you kill us
they are upset then edward tells colonel
that
they can live at that time until this
stone holds much energy which was in
those spirits
he tells him that they maybe died if you
attack them time and again
and they finally meet their end colonel
honors his words
that he has said rightly then they begin
to attack them again and again
using their own fire they begin to burn
them
at last those humanoid robots start
weakening
they begin to feel weak now they had
ended here
colonel takes that stone out from their
body
he hands it over edward saying take it
you can now rescue your brother edward
moves to that world
taking that stone where god and his
younger brother were present
giving that stone he is going to leave
taking the body of his brother
then he thinks that i am sacrificing the
number of the people to rescue my
brother
the number of the people's soul is bound
in this stone
i cannot do as such he says to his
brother
i will surely come back to you let me
take this stone into the world art once
he comes back to the world
and he says to the his brother's spirit
in metal covering
going there that i could not sacrifice
the number of the people for the sake of
your only life
so i will find another way to bring your
body back
you will have to sit tight edward's
brother was also mindful who understands
it
and this movie completes on this scent